
Current Title - FILTER

Context:
    The story follows Gary 

    SONG:
    Gary is a 8 year old at the beginning of the story and the story ends when he turns 18, and he releases
        his first song which is a reflection of his life up to that point, and it combines the most important experiences
        of his life and the genre and parts of his life which he associates those events with to be able to
        create a cohesive song

    PHOTOGRAPHY:
    Gary is a 8 year old at the beginning of the story and the story ends when he turns 18, and he releases
        his first collection of photos that he has taken throughout his life. He has a nack for photography and
        is good when it comes to the framing and ideas of his life. Any hardships or major events in his life 
        cause a "filter" to be put on himself and his photos. These photos are reflections of the choices you made, and his personality.

Branches -

Choice 1 -  8 years old - What animal does Gary take on his vacation to the coast with his family? A seagull, or a shark?
    Shark - Sharks become Gary's favorite animals (His last image will be of a shark).
    Seagull - Birds become Gary's favorite types of animals (His last image will be of a seagull).


    ------------
    Choice 2 - 12 years olds - As Gary grows up he finds peace in photographing animals and nature, but decides he wants to take a picture that represents himself. Does he take a picture of his room, an average kids room with a game system in it, and some chip bags, and some soda cans OR him taking a photo of his house?
        Room - The game room photo is moved to to the top of the album, and the previous image is filtered with the green filter
        House - THe house filter is moved to the top of the album, and the previous image is filtered with the purple filter.

        ----------------------
        Choice 3 - 16 years old - As Gary is improving at photography, he is wondering whether he should focus on himself or his friendships.
            Self - a blurred self portrait is added to the album, and all previous images are used with the sepia filter
            Friends -  A group selfie is added to the album and all previous images are used with the blur filter.
        
        ---------------------

        Conclusion - 18 years old - Gary publishes his album and reflects on each photo he took -
            - if shark - "I always did love sharks, or maybe that day is why I loved them.
            - if seagull - "I liked birds so much back then... haha...  I guess I just thought they were cool."

            - if room - "I always spent time playing games, not really paying attention to my family as much as I should have..."
            -
            -
            -
